dd: add backup commands (#6047)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/dd.md

`dd if=/dev/zero of={{file_1GB}} bs=1024 count=1000000`

> - Generate a system backup into a img file and show the progress:

Author: ```suggestion
- Create a system backup into a img file and show the progress:
```
thoughts?

Reviewer: `Create` reads better than `Generate` IMO

Reviewer 2: Is this an `img` file? I can restore any .img file into a partition?

Author: ```suggestion
- Generate a system backup in the form of an img file and show the progress:
```
```suggestion
- Create a system backup in the form of an img file and show the progress:
```

> - Generate a system backup into a img file and show the progress:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Generate a system backup into a IMG file and show the progress:
```
`` `img` `` would also be fine.

> - Generate a system backup into a IMG file and show the progress:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Generate a system backup into an IMG file and show the progress:
```
And a little typo.

> `dd if=/dev/{{drive_device}} of={{/path/to/file.img}} status=progress`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`dd if=/dev/{{drive_device}} of={{path/to/file.img}} status=progress`
```
Same here.

> - Flash an img file to a drive and show the progress:

Reviewer: should we be consisted with the wording of the above command. Thoughts ?
```suggestion
- Restore a drive from an img file and show the progress:
```

Author: But that implies that the drives is being done again

Reviewer 2: I think `restore` is better.

> - Restore a drive from an img file and show the progress:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Restore a drive from an IMG file and show the progress:
```

Reviewer 3: @CleanMachine1 what about this one?

Reviewer: I think the `IMG` looks more generic than `img`.

> `dd if={{/path/to/file.img}} of=/dev/{{drive_device}} status=progress`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`dd if={{path/to/file.img}} of=/dev/{{drive_device}} status=progress`
```
As far as I can remember, this doesn't have to be absolute.

Author: It doesn't however I would never recommend not. 
This command as you probably know is dangerous. Always use absolute with dd

Reviewer 3: I can't really think of what could to wrong when using the wrong `img` file.

Author: Writing the wrong file comes to mind

Reviewer 3: Would that be a problem? You could just rewrite with the right one.

Reviewer 4: Of course, but any command that writes to a file can destroy a file that you don't intend if you specify an incorrect path.

Author: Yes however DD is probably one of the easiest commands to mess up on.

I've nearly wiped my entire system before from a mix-up of if and of. 

If we are going to keep it as relative, maybe we should add a small note to say this command is dangerous. 

And although this would apply for a lot of commands, dd is up there with rm /*

Reviewer 4: It's the users's responsibility to ensure that they don't wreck their system — tldr-pages simply provides examples on how to use the command.

Author: Ok, well in that case, we'll use relative. Commits applied in 30 seconds.
